---
inFeed: true
hasPage: true
inNav: false
inLanguage: null
starred: false
keywords: []
description: ''
datePublished: '2016-03-08T04:51:22.828Z'
dateModified: '2016-03-08T04:48:30.402Z'
title: ''
author: []
authors: []
publisher:
  name: null
  domain: null
  url: null
  favicon: null
sourcePath: _posts/2016-03-08-9833d49c-1f19-4c68-a3bb-331813ddb395.md
published: true
url: 9833d49c-1f19-4c68-a3bb-331813ddb395/index.html
_type: Article

---
Do I say something? Or do I just let it pass me by? Do I acknowledge the moment? Or do I just say, nahhhh. Not me. Not this time. 

He told me that the Art of War book says to know how to pick your battles. Which fights to take up. 

Do we fight because it sounds good to have an impossible goal in mind. 

We are so infinitely brilliant that there had to be something that appeared to be unbeatable in our way. The people around you are either helping you remember your infallible higher self, or they are reminding you of how far you are away from your inner perfection.

But People Are Dying Out There!

People die so that more can be born.

What if you knew that conceiving a your baby killed a human in another part of the world?Small stats that don't make it to history books. Like how many died across the Atlantic. How many were bought, in the first place? How many were free? I mean, didn't cost them anything. How many were freed? How many are free?

Only this culture believes death is a tragedy. 

Other cultures celebrate the memories of the loved ones upon transitioning. 

Do you prefer vibration you feel run through you as you mourn and sulk over the absence of a dear friend. Allow that moment to cause you to reflect on your own life.Be happy for them.  Send your warm smiles to the one who is gone from us in this realm.